Clarify readme (#22)
celo-org/celo-l2-node-docker-compose: README.md

* **IMAGE_TAG__[...]** - Use custom docker image for specified components.
* **PORT__[...]** - Use custom port for specified components.

## Obtaining a migrated L1 datadir

For some node configurations a migrated L1 datadir is required, you can obtain
one by following one of the options outlined below.

### 1. Download a pre-migrated datadir

If you do not have an existing L1 datadir but wish to full sync and/or run an
archive node you can download a migrated datadir hosted by cLabs from one of the links below.

* [Alfajores migrated datadir](https://storage.googleapis.com/cel2-rollup-files/alfajores/alfajores-migrated-datadir.tar.zst)
* Baklava migrated datadir - pending network launch
* Mainnet migrated datadir - pending network launch

### 2. Migrate your own datadir

If you have been running an existing L1 node and wish to continue using the same datadir,
you can migrate the data in order to use it with the L2 node.

Once an L2 hardfork date has been decided for a specific network the L1
[blockchain client](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-blockchain) will be

> relesed with a hardcoded stop block. Nodes running this version will stop at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
released with a hardcoded stop block. Nodes running this version will stop at
```

> relesed with a hardcoded stop block. Nodes running this version will stop at
> the stop block, at which point the node can be stopped and the datadir can be

Reviewer: "will stop at the stop block, at which point the node can be stopped" sounds irritating. It can be stopped after it stopped?
```suggestion
released with a hardcoded stop block. Nodes running this version will stop producing blocks at
the stop block, at which point the node can be shut down and the datadir can be
```

Navigate over to `Dashboards > Manage > Simple Node Dashboard` to see the dashboard, see the following gif if you need help:

![metrics dashboard gif](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14298799/171476634-0cb84efd-adbf-4732-9c1d-d737915e1fa7.gif)

# Appendix

## L2 network assets

> These assets are fetched when requried by the scripts in this reqo and so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These assets are fetched when required by the scripts in this repo and so
```
